Clot code is now available on the web.
So instead of loading up your terminal
or having to open up your IDE anytime
you want to make a change, you can now
delegate coding tasks directly from your
browser or the cloud mobile app. You
simply connect your GitHub account, you
select your repo, describe what you need
done, and Claude handles the rest, all
running on our cloud infrastructure. And
the best part is you can now run
multiple tasks in parallel across
different repositories. So whether you
have a bug backlog, routine fixes, or a
brilliant new idea or feature you want
to add, you can just spin up a session
or multiple sessions and let Claude
handle them simultaneously. Let me show
you how this works. So I'll open up
Cloud Code on the web at claw.ai/code.
I'll select a repo. I have a repo
already selected here. And then I'll
give it a prompt. Let's say add input
validation to the user registration
endpoint. Also make sure we're using a
strong
password on both the front end and
backend API. We'll hit enter and we are
off to the races. Claude is working in
its own isolated sandbox with full
[music] git access and we can watch the
progress in real time. But while this
runs, let me tell you about some of the
other stuff that we've recently
launched.
The big one is Claude Haiku 4.5. And a
few weeks ago, we launched Claude Sonnet
4.5, which became the world's best
coding model. And just last week, we
followed it up with Claude Haiku 4.5.
[music]
And here's the really remarkable thing.
5 months ago, Sonnet 4 was
state-of-the-art. And now Haiku 4.5
gives you a similar coding performance
at one/ird the cost and more than twice
the speed. It even surpasses Sonnet 4 at
certain tasks like [music] computer use.
Now the benchmarks are impressive. 73.3%
on Sweetbench verified, 41% on Terminal
Bench, and it achieves 90% of Sonnet
4.5's performance in Agentic coding
evaluations. But the big question you're
probably having is when should
developers use Haiku [music] 4.5. And
the big pattern that we're seeing from
our community is that Sonnet 4.5 does
the highlevel problem decomposition and
planning and then Haiku 4.5 is used to
actually implement and write [music] the
code. Now this multi- aent approach is
becoming really popular for things like
large scale refactors or tackling
technical debt. Haiku 4.5 is available
wherever you get your Claude and it's
available at just $1 per million input
tokens and $5 per million output tokens.
All right, let's check back on our task
and see how it's doing.
So, if we open it up here, we can see
that Claude gave us a good summary of
all of the changes that it made uh in
the service.go go file in the TypeScript
on the front end. And my absolute
favorite feature of Cloud Code on the
web is this open in CLI button. And the
reason that I really like it is you
simply click it, you open up your
terminal,
paste in the command that it gave you,
and now I am working in my local
development environment with all of the
context and all of my progress from the
web preserved. So, I can see the
messages. I can see all of the files
that have been changed. [music] I can go
into VS Code and see all of the changes
that were made to the service signup,
the signup.touchcript file, and much
more. And I can continue right from
where I left off on my mobile phone or
the browser. Now, I want to show you one
final feature that we recently added to
Clot Code.
I gave it this prompt earlier
talking about adding [music] caching to
my application, but I gave it a very
broad prompt saying, "Hey, I would like
to add caching to my application." And
what Claude Code did is it's [music]
going to ask me a number of follow-up
questions to make sure that it
implements it correctly. So, it's going
to ask the caching level here. Uh,
should it be database query caching, API
response caching? And I can choose any
of these, go to the next section and
[music] figure out what my goals are. Is
it to improve performance, reduce
database load, the target area, is it
for the workout data, for the user data,
analytics, choose the technology,
Reddus, in-memory, Postgress, and then I
can hit submit and have it go and
implement based on the follow-up
information that I gave it.
And there you have it. Cloud Code on the
web for parallel cloud-based development
at home [music] and on the go. Haiku 4.5
for lightning fast coding at a fraction
of the cost [music] and smarter local
workflows with multi-question support.
Cloud Code on the web is available now
for pro and max users at cloud.ai/code.
Give it a try and let us know what you
think. Happy building.
[music]